You're listening to Stephen talking about a long-distance relationship in his past.
I've had my first girlfriend, really interesting story this is. I went to the Welsh Games
to represent the South Welsh team. We had the events in the afternoon and then in the evening
then they said we're going to pick the best people to go to Cardiff, meet the mayor and the mayoress
and have a buffet. Certain ones from South Wales would go, mid and west of North Wales.
So he picked me and my other friend. So we met them and then Christine was there,
just there, my other one there. And I seen Christine sitting there with her medals. She was on her own
so I went over to her and I said is it okay if I sit by her? Is anybody sitting there? And she said no.
So we started talking to her. My coach was there but I forgot to tell my coach we were getting
interested with each other talking. And then I got to know her then in a party and then I
asked her for her address where she lives. I found it was Aberystwyth.
And so her mother said to Christine, I had a letter, we said oh we're right back and
forth as pen friends. So I went back and forth for a year and then the following year and in
the next world games I met her mother. And her mother said, so she said come back for a couple
of days. The first time I went up there my father took me up to meet him. He stayed in a hotel and
I stayed at Christine's place and that was in August. And he said then I went successful. And then
after that we just got to know each other. She came down to my house every Easter. I'd go up
to Aberystwyth for eight days over Easter or she'd come down to my place. You had a long
distance relationship? Yeah and I went on for about 12 years. 12, 13 years, a long time. And then when
I moved up there I wanted to move to Aberystwyth. There was a bungalow up there I was going to move.
So Christine came down that was in, I know the year that was. Parents came down in 1996.
We said I want to move up to, we had a round table talk with her parents, man was in.
And they said too much responsibility, you can't move to Aberystwyth. Who said that then? Her mother.
My mother said back to her mother, give them a six months trial to see where you get on. But she
wasn't having that. So it didn't happen? No. Her parents stopped it. So what happened then?
What happened? She met a friend who lived in Lampeter. And then on that, and she was going
with him, but then I went up there for the Christmas party and Christine said to her mother,
and she knew I'd looked at that fella, she said oh I want to marry Stephen, me now. Mother said no,
we can't do that, we got a secret. And then I went back to my mum and they said stop it,
it's like a hand in a fire. Just stop the relationship, we stopped it then. Because we're not going anywhere.